---
layout: post
title: One Month
date: '2006-10-19T19:50:00.001+08:00'
category: journal
---

Well, I seriously never expected that I'd not post for over a month! But, I
dunno, we had exams and all, and for some reason, although I <span
style="font-style: italic;">did</span> come on the computer, I neither felt
like chatting, nor posting on my blog for some reason.<br /><br />Anyway, the
exams were <span style="font-style: italic;">okay</span>, not by far the best
(or even close to it) that I've ever given, but who cares? I mean, it ain't
even getting added anywhere. These exams were also the ones during which I
slept the latest (I sleep late at night rather than get up early in the
morning). And surprisingly, my maths exam went off quite well. Our teacher
corrected the papers even before the exams finished.

***

We've got holidays now - although that didn't quite stop our biology teacher
from giving us homework to be done <span style="font-style:
italic;">now</span>, two weeks before the exams had started. I'm really not in
the mood of making stupid practical files.

***

We also had this really pointless MCQ Exam. They called us to school <span
style="font-style: italic;">two hours</span> before  it started. 'Most everyone
succeeded in solving the exam in round about half an hour, not that it really
mattered, 'cause it didn't stop them keeping us in school for another hour
after that. And of course, it wasn't the world's easiest exam, so I just chose
'B' where I didn't know the answers.

Our Principal had this really awesome idea of calling us for an assembly before
our maths exam started. Then this rep from UNO came and then we took this
pledge to fight poverty; the pledge was really long, we had to repeat whatever
P said, and when it finished, as was wont to happen, all the sixthies started
repeating the next few lines, too.

***

I've been sleeping a lot ever since the exams finished. I woke up at 12:30
today (not the latest I've ever woken up, by the way).

***

Damn, I'm feeling so bored (and thus inflicting this boredom on you)...I'm also
using Firefox 2 (Release Candidate). It's not that great, in fact I don't like
the 'improved' tab-browsing...IE7 is also here...

Anyway, tschüs for now. When I get in the mood, I'll post again (or maybe
update this one only).  I'm pretty certain I've forgotten something.

And tell me how many of you have fonts from the Lucida family on your computer.
Especially people not running XP.
