---
layout: post
title: Friday the 14th
date: '2007-09-15T00:31:00.000+08:00'
---

I <span style="font-style: italic;">was</span> going to title this post something entirely different, but then, after Friday actually came in all its uneventfulness, I decided not to. It was, I can definitely say, one of the lousiest days of school ever. By lousy, I guess I just mean boring. Nothing happened. At all. We had only one teaching period, and while that is normally a <span style="font-style: italic;">good</span> thing, since I didn't end up doing anything fun anyway, it wasn't really.<br /><br />Then I was called for this Japanese trip thing, but I can't go because my passport's expired and I suppose it won't be ready in time (the teacher wasn't even prepared to accept anyone without a valid passport). I got pretty bugged because of this because I've really wanted to go to Japan for a long time.<br /><br />I also started reading <span style="font-style: italic;">iWoz</span>. Somehow, all the non-fiction books I read (and I really don't read much non-fiction) always end up being tech-related ... well, almost always. But this one is quite interesting and it's definitely a welcome break from the <span style="font-style: italic;">Wheel of Time</span> series. Not that I don't like WoT, but after 10 books and somewhere around 7,000 pages, there comes a point where you start looking for a change. For most people, the point comes a lot sooner though. Actually, most people get scared when they see the number of books in the series and the size of each. I mean, what I've read so far (and I haven't finished the series, by the way) is 7 times <span style="font-style: italic;">The Lord of the Rings</span>! And people say <span style="font-style: italic;">that</span> book is fat!<br /><br />:D<br />:(