---
layout: post
date: 2008-06-11T19:01:00+05:30
title: Yuiop
category: journal
---

Federer lost. Old news, I know, and already blogger about by most people, but I just couldn't help saying it. It's not as if I didn't expect it, seeing Nadal's superior form throughout the French Open, but 6-0? And the match wasn't even *fun*.

***

I went to Om Book Shop with my sis yesterday. I haven't been there too often since I'm rather partial to Mid Land (constant 20% discount!) but the poster "10-90% SALE" caught my eye (I'm not much of a shopper, but I like the word 'SALE', in fact, almost as much as 'FREE'). There was a minimum 10% discount on all books, and some books had higher ones (upto 90% supposedly, although I only saw a 75). Unfortunately, [Murphy's Law][] has a bad habit of seeking attention, and *none* of the books I might possibly have bought had any good deals. Actually, none of the books I wanted were even there. There was this rather nice guitar tutorial book and I *almost* bought it before I remembered that [my axe was broken][1] (yes, I read that a guitar is fondly known as an 'axe').

One thing I didn't like about the bookshop was that there is very little walking space, owing to the fact that books are also kept *on the floor* (by the way, this is where most of the good deals lie). Oh, and they put these absolutely *humongous* stickers on the high-discount books, totally disfiguring the front covers. Weird, if you ask me. And wicked.

So in the end I returned home, empty-handed. No wait, I was carrying some of sister dear's stuff. ;)

***

*By the way, my sister's learnt this really annoying new word, "bleh". [I wonder where she got it from][2]. She's been using it virtually all the time (in fact, nearly every second word she says) and it's fairly driving my up the wall.*

[Murphy's Law]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murphy%27s_law
[1]: http://blog.sahil.me/posts/why-hello/
[2]: http://theinimitablenidhi.blogspot.com/2008/06/bleh.html
