---
layout: post
date: 2017-01-01T21:39:00+0800
title: A full year
category: journal
---

2016 started in Kyoto, Japan. I rarely celebrate New Year at all so a cozy
home-made Japanese dinner with our AirBnB host who tried to get us to sample
all the alcohol she owned from various parts of the country despite our
half-hearted protests ("we have a train to catch early in the morning!") was a
perfect way to celebrate. The entire trip was great; a full post about it is in
order.

In March, I left Autodesk where I'd been working since my graduation. The
environment was relaxed and I miss some of the people there (and all the table
tennis I haven't played since I left) but I'm glad I made the change. I'm at
ThoughtWorks now where I get to work on more interesting projects with some
pretty smart people, and I feel like I've already learned more than I did at
Autodesk.

Talking about work, I also tried my hand at teaching – from August to October,
I taught a [part-time web development course at General Assembly][fewd]. I've
never formally taught before and I enjoyed figuring out how to explain all
these things I've gotten so used to over fifteen years into ten lessons for
people who are trying them out for the first time. It was super tiring, made me
appreciate my schoolteachers more, and was lots of fun!

Also for the first time, I travelled to Bangalore for work ~~twice~~ thrice.
Thought it doesn't feature on my Terribly Exciting Places to Visit list, the
combination of good weather, bad traffic, we-close-at-eleven nightlife, and
meetings with a friend made it rather enjoyable. One of the trips collided with
the aforementioned teaching job, leading to an ~~exhausting~~ interesting time
when I came back to Singapore on the morning of a class, flew to Bangalore the
next day, and then returned on the following weekend in time for the next
class.  _Whee–ouch_.

The recreational travel front wasn't as bright as the year before though. We
went to Cameron Highlands in August after postponing the trip twice (a hill
station at last!). The place, unlike the bus ride to it, was comfortable and
convenient. In September, we did a [short trip to Batam][batam], which I can
thoroughly recommend for a weekend getaway. I also went back home for Diwali
because I'd forgotten about the life-threatening smoke, but we were at my
grandparents' in Shangarh for most of the time so it was all good – great, in
fact.

Mid-year also witnessed a change in my living scenery. G and I elected to find
a place together and our hunt for a place "somewhere central" brought us to
Chinatown (thanks, [99.co][]!). Living in the middle of the city is fantastic –
everything is a stone's throw away. I can walk to work! Record stores and nice
cafés are just round the corner! FoodPanda actually told me that they had "too
many restaurants nearby" and suggested I filter them! Braddell with its tall
trees and adequately-spaced buildings is being missed, but did I mention how
nearby everything is now and that I walk to work?!

That brings us to the tail end of the year. It was shaping up to be quite
uneventful (I'm in Singapore, which has has happened only once before despite
my living here for six years) so I compensated by discarding many ~~many many~~
plastic pieces of paper from my wallet in lieu of a new [record
player][turntable], the beginnings of a record collection, a new set of
speakers (I'll miss you, [beautiful Swans][swans]!) – the works, essentially.
Can't say I regret it at all, to be honest!

Here's wishing you a happy new year too!

[fewd]: https://generalassemb.ly/education/front-end-web-development
[99.co]: https://www.99.co/
[batam]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2016-09-13-peachy-on-the-beach%}
[turntable]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2016-12-25-christmas-day%}
[swans]: {{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2014-02-10-more-magic%}
